Add security threat submission beta api docs (#16242)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/security-api-overview.md

**Labels** - Information protection labels provide details about how to properly apply a sensitivity label to information. The information protection label API describes the configuration of sensitivity labels that apply to a user or tenant.

**Threat assessment** - The Microsoft Graph threat assessment API helps organizations to assess the threat received by any user in a tenant. This empowers customers to report spam or suspicious emails, phishing URLs, or malware attachments they receive to Microsoft. Microsoft check the sample in question and the organizational policies in play before generating a result so that tenant administrators can understand the threat scanning verdict and adjust their organizational policy. They can also use it to report legitimate emails as well which are getting blocked. 

> > **NOTE:**  The **Threat Assessment** will be deprecated by unified security **Threat Submission** as the new version.

Author: ```suggestion
> **NOTE:** The **Threat Assessment** will be deprecated by unified security **Threat Submission** as the new version.
```

**Labels** - Information protection labels provide details about how to properly apply a sensitivity label to information. The information protection label API describes the configuration of sensitivity labels that apply to a user or tenant.

**Threat assessment** - The Microsoft Graph threat assessment API helps organizations to assess the threat received by any user in a tenant. This empowers customers to report spam or suspicious emails, phishing URLs, or malware attachments they receive to Microsoft. Microsoft check the sample in question and the organizational policies in play before generating a result so that tenant administrators can understand the threat scanning verdict and adjust their organizational policy. They can also use it to report legitimate emails to prevent them from getting blocked.

> > **NOTE:** The **threat assessment** API set will be deprecated by the unified security [threat submission](#threat-submission) as the new version.

Reviewer: Please revise this note text. If the deprecation is going to happen in the future, please provide a date or a timeline. If the thread assessment API is currently deprecated, please revise the note as follows:

> **Note:** The threat assessment API is currently deprecated. We recommend that you use the [threat submission](#threat-submission) API instead.

Is there a PR to add a deprecation notice to the thread assessment API topics? I notice that those APIs are available in both beta and v1.0. It's more unusual to deprecate APIs that are already GA.

Author: ```suggestion
> **Note:** We recommend that you use the [threat submission](https://github.com/microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs/pull/16242/files#threat-submission) API instead.
```

Author: Not yet. So let us just add the recommendation. We will follow the API deprecation process after we release this API to v1.0.

**Labels** - Information protection labels provide details about how to properly apply a sensitivity label to information. The information protection label API describes the configuration of sensitivity labels that apply to a user or tenant.

> **Threat assessment** - The Microsoft Graph threat assessment API helps organizations to assess the threat received by any user in a tenant. This empowers customers to report spam emails, phishing URLs, or malware attachments they receive to Microsoft. The policy check result and rescan result can help tenant administrators understand the threat scanning verdict and adjust their organizational policy.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Threat assessment** - The Microsoft Graph threat assessment API helps organizations to assess the threat received by any user in a tenant. This empowers customers to report spam and suspicious emails, phishing URLs, or malware attachments they receive to Microsoft. The policy check result and rescan result can help tenant administrators understand the threat scanning verdict and adjust their organizational policy.
```

Support in other Microsoft security services will be available soon.

## Threat Submission

> The Microsoft Graph Threat Submission API helps organizations to submit the threat received by any user in a tenant. This empowers customers to report spam emails, phishing URLs, or malware attachments they receive to Microsoft. The submission which contains policy check result, rescan result and grading result can help tenant administrators understand the threat scanning verdict and adjust their organizational policy.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Microsoft Graph Threat Submission API helps organizations to submit the threat received by any user in a tenant. This empowers customers to report spam or suspicious emails, phishing URLs, or malware attachments they receive to Microsoft. Microsoft check the sample in question by running it through the stack again and checking the organizational policies in play and even sending it to human graders for analysis before generating a result so that tenant administrators understand the threat scanning verdict and adjust their organizational policy.  They can also use it to report legitimate emails as well which are getting blocked. 
```

> > **NOTE:**  The new **Threat Submission** API will deprecate the Information Protection **Threat Assessment** API. This new version is a unified security threat submission which is redesigned and addes unified result support, user submission query support, tenant allow block list support, admin review support and app only mode support.

Author: ```suggestion
> **NOTE:**  The new **Threat Submission** API will deprecate the Information Protection **Threat Assessment** API. This new version is a unified security threat submission which is redesigned and adds unified result support, user submission query support, tenant allow block list support, admin review support and app only mode support.
```

Support in other Microsoft security services will be available soon.

## Threat submission

> The Microsoft Graph threat submission API helps organizations to submit a threat received by any user in a tenant. This empowers customers to report spam or suspicious emails, phishing URLs, or malware attachments they receive to Microsoft. Microsoft check the sample in question by running it through the stack again and checking the organizational policies in play and even sending it to human graders for analysis before generating a result, so that tenant administrators understand the threat scanning verdict and adjust their organizational policy.  They can also use it to report legitimate emails to prevent them from getting blocked. 

Reviewer: Please revise as follows:

The Microsoft Graph threat submission API helps organizations to submit a threat received by any user in a tenant. This empowers customers to report spam or suspicious emails, phishing URLs, or malware attachments they receive to Microsoft. Microsoft checks the submission against the organizational policies in effect and sends it to human graders for analysis. The result then helps tenant administrators understand the threat scanning verdict and adjust their organizational policy. Admins can also use the results to report legitimate emails to prevent them from getting blocked.

Author: ```suggestion
The Microsoft Graph threat submission API helps organizations to submit a threat received by any user in a tenant. This empowers customers to report spam or suspicious emails, phishing URLs, or malware attachments they receive to Microsoft. Microsoft checks the submission against the organizational policies in effect and sends it to human graders for analysis. The result then helps tenant administrators understand the threat scanning verdict and adjust their organizational policy. Admins can also use the results to report legitimate emails to prevent them from getting blocked.
```

> > **NOTE:** The new **threat submission** API will deprecate the Information Protection **threat assessment** API. This new version is a unified security threat submission which is redesigned and adds unified result support, user submission query support, tenant allow block list support, admin review support and app only mode support.

Reviewer: This note needs to be rewritten as well, an API does not deprecate another API. Suggested revision:

>**Note:** We recommend that you use this API instead of the deprecated Information Protection threat assessment API. The threat submission API provides unified security threat submission functionality and adds unified result support, user submission query support, tenant allow block list support, admin review support and app-only mode support.

Author: ```suggestion
> **Note: ** We recommend that you use this API instead of the deprecated Information Protection threat assessment API. The threat submission API provides unified security threat submission functionality and adds unified result support, user submission query support, tenant allow block list support, admin review support and app-only mode support.
```
